# 6-Ways-To-Be-Fit-And-Strengthen-Your-Immune-System
Your immune system is your body’s first medium of defence against infections. It does a splendid job of defending your body against harmful substances, and infectious diseases. But this could fail if your immune system is weak, and your body is left vulnerable to allergies, microorganisms, etc. To protect your body from ailments, every component of your immune system must function systematically. A multifaceted approach that focuses on making healthy lifestyle choices should be adopted for optimal immune health. There are plenty of ways you can protect your body from harm and stay fit. Following general good-health guidelines is the single best step you can take towards naturally keeping your immune system working properly. Every part of your body, including your immune system, functions better when protected from environmental assaults. Your body can be bolstered by healthy-living strategies.  A daily good night’s sleep is a powerful habit that you must acquire to replenish your cells and proteins. Getting adequate sleep results in a healthy immune response. If you don’t get quality sleep, your body will not produce and distribute pivotal immune cells like cytokines, T cells and interleukin 12. This increases your chances of falling sick. Due to lack of sleep, your immune system also gets disrupted by elevated levels of cortisol, a primary stress hormone. You have a greater risk of weight gain, which is caused due to ghrelin, the hormone that stimulates appetite. Less than 6 hours of sleep also often leads to cold. Mental health issues such as depression, are associated with poor sleeping patterns. This implies that sleep is a fundamentally important aspect of strengthening your immune system and improving brain functions like cognition, concentration, productivity, and performance. One of the main causes of obstructive sleeping patterns in children and adults is the low level of omega-3 fatty acids in the body. By supplementing the body’s requirement with omega-3 fatty acids, the length and quality of sleep will be improved. This can be done by taking OG-3 Veg Softgels twice a day, daily, with meals for vibrant health and longevity.  If you are going through various digestive issues, including more prebiotic food in your daily diet will help solve digestive problems, and also boost your immune system. This is because of the special type of fiber it contains, which supports digestive health. You can start by eating more fruits, vegetables and whole grains such as bananas, onions, garlic, leeks, asparagus, artichokes, beans and whole-grain foods. As a result, you will be able to improve your metabolic health and prevent certain diseases. Uncertainty and fear of the unknown can cause some amount of unhealthy stress. Ongoing stress is the major cause of a depressed immune system.  You can combat these fears by acting on facts, and not the misinformation. This can be done by limiting the time spent on social media which is one major source of misinformation. You should get into the habit of doing aerobic exercises which are not only essential for your head, but also for your heart. By exhilarating and relaxing, you can counter depression and dissipate stress. You should also include supplements that contain omega-3 fatty acids in your diet which also help to fight anxiety or depression and build your immune system.  According to PubMed.gov and NCBI, consuming omega-3s is less likely to cause depression. Among the 3 types of omega-3 fatty acids ie. ALA, EPA and DHA, EPA is the best for fighting depression. By taking OG-3 Veg Softgels daily, we are sure to get the required amount of omega-3 fatty acids like EPA and DHA needed by the body to fight any kind of anxiety and depression. To know more: https://franchglobal.com/6-ways-to-be-fit-and-strengthen-your-immune-system/
